Stacks and Queues always seem so easy.
But trees are where it gets tricky.
I haven't recursed in a while.
Your add's slow, crappier than ever,
It's O(n), can't get much better,
Remove won't work and I know why.
Because the last time I wrote you
Is still burned in the back of my mind.
You gave me free points and I left them there to die.

So this is me swallowing my pride,
Typing in front of you saying, "I'm sorry for those lines,"
And I go back to BSTs all the time.
It turns out AVL's nothing but missing you.
Wishing I'd realized what I had when you were mine.
I'd go back to BSTs, turn around and make the code right.
I go back to BSTs all the time.

These days I haven't been sleeping,
Staying up, working on code all evening.
When traversals made, my grades fall.
And I think about adding, all the terrible times,
I ended up recursing down the wrong side.
Realized I messed up all the calls.

And then the tests failed, the dark days when fear crept into my mind
You gave me all those points and all I gave you was "Goodbye".

So this is me swallowing my pride,
Typing in front of you saying, "I'm sorry for those lines,"
And I go back to BSTs all the time.
It turns out AVL's nothing but missing you.
Wishing I'd realized what I had when you were mine.
I'd go back to BSTs, turn around and change my own lines.
I go back to BSTs all the time.

I miss your nice code, your short lines,
So good to me, so right
But then you failed all of those tests that September night
The first time recursion made me cry.

Maybe this is wishful thinking,
Probably mindless dreaming,
But if I had the chance, I swear I'd code you right.

I'd go back in time and change it but I can't.
So if I'm stuck with look ahead I understand.

But this is me swallowing my pride
Typing in front of you saying, "I'm sorry for those lines."
And I go back to BSTs...
It turns out AVL's nothing but missing you,
Wishing I'd realized what I had when you were mine.
I'd go back to BSTs, turn around and make the code right.
I'd go back to BSTs, turn around and change my own lines

I go back to BSTs all the time.
All the time.